Feat/update load trace file user flow 2 (#526)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-cellularmonitor: doc/docs/overview.md

Author: note: this doc is not correct as does not describe this specific PR

Opens a dialog with localized links to partner websites to purchase the supported devices.

### File Actions

Options in this menu let you upload a trace file and decide how it is going to be treated.

| Option  | Description  |
|---------|--------------|
| **Load trace file** | Button that opens File Explorer and allows you to select a trace file. Traces captured using the Cellular Monitor app have the file extension `.mtrace`. You can also open files from [`nrfutil trace`](https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/nrfutil/page/nrfutil-trace/guides/tracing.html) and `.bin` files from the legacy Trace Collector app. |
| **Read trace file** | Toggle on to process the loaded file in the app.   |

> | **Open trace file in Wireshark** | Toggle on to convert the file to Packet Capture Next Generation (PcapNG) format and display it in Wireshark. |
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Open trace file in Wireshark** | Toggle on to convert the file to Packet Capture Next Generation (PcapNG) format and display it in Wireshark. |
| **Clear file selection** | Button that clears the selection of the file loaded and the modem trace database. |

```
@KievDevel, correct?

Author: ```suggestion
| **Open trace file in Wireshark** | Click to convert the file to Packet Capture Next Generation (PcapNG) format and display it in Wireshark. |
| **Clear file selection** | Button that clears the selection of the file loaded and the modem trace database. |

```

Almost. In this version we keep buttons and have no toggles.
